This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above­referenced Agreement, is part of its Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this Agreement with respect to each party.
Definitions and Inconsistency. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or elsewhere in this Agreement have the meanings specified pursuant to Paragraph 12, and all references in this Annex to Paragraphs are to Paragraphs of this Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between this Annex and the other provisions of this Schedule, this Annex will prevail, and in the event of any inconsistency between Paragraph 13 and the other provisions of this Annex, Paragraph 13 will prevail.
Each party, as the Pledgor, hereby pledges to the other party, as the Secured Party, as security for its Obligations, and grants to the Secured Party a first priority continuing security interest in, lien on and right of Set­off against all Posted Collateral Transferred to or received by the Secured Party hereunder. Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the Pledgor of Posted Collateral, the  security interest and lien granted hereunder on that Posted Collateral will be released immediately and, to the extent possible, without any further action by either party.
Delivery Amount. Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the Secured Party on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Delivery Amount for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Pledgor’s Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Pledgor will Transfer to the Secured Party Eligible Credit Support having a Value as of the date of Transfer at least equal to the applicable Delivery Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the “Delivery Amount” applicable to the Pledgor for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:
Return Amount. Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the Pledgor on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Return Amount for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Secured Party’s Minimum Transfer Amount, then  the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor Posted Credit Support specified by the Pledgor in that demand having a Value as of the date of Transfer as close as practicable to the applicable Return Amount (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the “Return Amount” applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:
“Credit Support Amount” means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, for any Valuation Date (i) the Secured Party’s Exposure for that Valuation Date plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor, if any, minus
all Independent Amounts applicable to the Secured Party, if any, minus (iv) the Pledgor’s Threshold; provided, however, that the Credit Support Amount will be deemed to be zero whenever the calculation of Credit Support Amount yields a number less than zero.
Conditions Precedent. Each Transfer obligation of the Pledgor under Paragraphs 3 and 5 and of the Secured Party under Paragraphs 3, 4(d)(ii), 5 and 6(d) is subject to the conditions precedent that:
subject to Paragraph 4(a), the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor the items of Posted Credit Support specified by the Pledgor in its notice not later than the Local Business Day following the date on which the Secured Party receives the Substitute Credit Support, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 (the “Substitution Date”); provided that the Secured Party only will be obligated to Transfer Posted Credit Support with a Value as of the date of Transfer of that Posted Credit Support equal to the Value as of that date of the Substitute Credit Support.
calculating the Exposure for the Transactions (or Swap Transactions) in dispute by seeking four actual  quotations at mid­market from Reference Market­makers for purposes of calculating Market Quotation, and taking the arithmetic average of those obtained; provided that if four quotations are not available for a particular Transaction (or Swap Transaction), then fewer than four quotations may be used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and if no quotations are available for a particular Transaction (or Swap Transaction), then the Valuation Agent’s original calculations will be used for that Transaction (or Swap Transaction); and
Liability. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or omissions of its Custodian to the same extent that the Secured Party would be liable hereunder for its own acts or omissions.
For purposes of the obligation to Transfer Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support pursuant to Paragraphs 3 and 5 and   any rights or remedies authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be deemed to continue to hold all Posted   Collateral and to receive Distributions made thereon, regardless of whether the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect to any Posted Collateral pursuant to (i) or (ii) above.
Interest Amount. Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and subject to Paragraph 4(a), in lieu of any interest, dividends or other amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted Collateral in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained by the Secured Party), the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor at the times specified in Paragraph 13 the Interest Amount to the extent that a Delivery Amount would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose). The Interest Amount or portion thereof not Transferred pursuant to this Paragraph will constitute Posted Collateral in the form of Cash and will be subject to the security interest granted under Paragraph 2.
For purposes of Section 5(a)(iii)(1) of this Agreement, an Event of Default will exist with respect to a party if:
that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian) to make, when due, any Transfer of Eligible Collateral, Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount, as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure continues for two Local Business Days after notice of that failure is given to that party;
Secured Party’s Rights and Remedies. If at any time (1) an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor has occurred and is continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor, then, unless the Pledgor has paid in full all of its Obligations that are then due, the Secured Party may exercise one or more of the following rights and remedies:
all rights and remedies available to a secured party under applicable law with respect to Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party;
any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Party under the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;
the right to Set­off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations against any Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and
the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party through one or more public or private sales or other dispositions with such notice, if any, as may be required under applicable law, free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor (with the Secured Party having the right to purchase any or all of the Posted Collateral to be sold) and to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent thereof) from the liquidation of the Posted Collateral to any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations in that order as the Secured Party may elect.
Each party acknowledges and agrees that Posted Collateral in the form of securities may decline speedily in value and is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledgor is not entitled to prior notice of any sale of that Posted Collateral by the Secured Party, except any notice that is required under applicable law and cannot be waived.
the Pledgor may exercise all rights and remedies available to a pledgor under applicable law with respect to Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party;
the Pledgor may exercise any other rights and remedies available to the Pledgor under the terms of Other Posted Support, if any;
to the extent that Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount is not so Transferred pursuant to (iii) above, the Pledgor may:
Set­off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations against any Posted Collateral or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral); and
to the extent that the Pledgor does not Set­off under (iv)(A) above, withhold payment of any remaining amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations, up to the Value of any remaining Posted Collateral held by the Secured Party, until that Posted Collateral is Transferred to the Pledgor.
Deficiencies and Excess Proceeds. The Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor any proceeds and Posted Credit Support remaining after liquidation, Set­off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b) after satisfaction in full of all amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations; the Pledgor in all events will remain liable for any amounts remaining unpaid after any liquidation, Set­off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b).
Final Returns. When no amounts are or thereafter may become payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations (except for any potential liability under Section 2(d) of this Agreement), the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor all Posted Credit Support and the Interest Amount, if any.
it is the sole owner of or otherwise has the right to Transfer all Eligible Collateral it transfers to the Secured Party hereunder, free and clear of any security interest, lien, encumbrance or other restrictions other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2;
General. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each party will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with performing its obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable for any costs and expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith.
Posted Credit Support. The Pledgor will promptly pay when due all taxes, assessments or charges of any nature that are imposed with respect to Posted Credit Support held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware of the same, regardless of whether any portion of that Posted Credit Support is subsequently disposed of under Paragraph 6(c), except for those taxes, assessments and charges that result from the exercise of the Secured Party’s rights under Paragraph 6(c).
Liquidation/Application of Posted Credit Support. All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Secured Party or the Pledgor in connection with the liquidation and/or application of any Posted Credit Support under Paragraph 8 will be payable, on demand and pursuant to the Expenses Section of this Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is no Defaulting Party, equally by the parties.
Default Interest. A Secured Party that fails to make, when due, any Transfer of Posted Collateral or the Interest Amount will be obligated to pay the Pledgor (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount equal to interest at the Default Rate multiplied by the Value of the items of property that were required to be Transferred, from (and including) the date that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount was required to be Transferred to (but excluding) the date of Transfer of that Posted Collateral or Interest Amount. This interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed.
Further Assurances. Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other party will execute, deliver, file and record any financing statement, specific assignment or other document and take any other action that may be necessary or desirable and reasonably requested by that party to create, preserve, perfect or validate any security interest or lien granted under
Paragraph 2, to enable that party to exercise or enforce its rights under this Annex with respect to Posted Credit Support or an Interest Amount or to effect or document a release of a security interest on Posted Collateral or an Interest Amount.
Good Faith and Commercially Reasonable Manner. Performance of all obligations under this Annex including, but not limited to, all calculations, valuations and determinations made by either party, will be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
the Interest Rate in effect for that day; divided by (z)	360.
“Recalculation Date” means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the dispute under Paragraph 5; provided, however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs under Paragraph 3 prior to the resolution of the dispute, then the “Recalculation Date” means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3.
“Transfer” means, with respect to any Eligible Credit Support, Posted Credit Support or Interest Amount, and in accordance with the instructions of the Secured Party, Pledgor or Custodian, as applicable:
in the case of certificated securities that cannot be paid or delivered by book­entry, payment or delivery in appropriate physical form to the recipient or its account accompanied by any duly executed instruments of transfer, assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and any other documents necessary to constitute a legally valid transfer to the recipient;
in the case of securities that can be paid or delivered by book­entry, the giving of written instructions to the relevant depository institution or other entity specified by the recipient, together with a written copy thereof to the recipient, sufficient if complied with to result in a legally effective transfer of the relevant interest to the recipient; and
“Value” means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Value is calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, with respect to:
Security Interest for “Obligations.” The term “Obligations” as used in this Annex includes no additional obligations with respect to Party A or Party B.
The “Delivery Amount” applicable to the Pledgor for any Valuation Date will equal the greatest of:
the amount by which (a) the S&P Second Trigger Credit Support Amount for such Valuation Date exceeds
The “Return Amount” applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation Date will equal the least of:
provided that, in no event shall the Secured Party be required to Transfer any Eligible Credit Support if, immediately following such Transfer, the Delivery Amount would be greater than zero.
(A) Cash	100%	80%	100%	100%
Fixed­rate negotiable USD denominated debt obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury Department having a remaining maturity on such date of one year or more but less than five
years	98.04%	78.43%	100%	97%
Fixed­rate negotiable USD denominated debt obligations issued by the U.S. Treasury Department having a remaining maturity on such date of five years or more but less than ten
years	92.59%	74.07%	100%	94%
Notwithstanding the Valuation Percentages set forth in the preceding table, upon the first Transfer of Eligible Collateral under this Annex, the Pledgor may, at the Pledgor’s expense, agree to update and modify the Valuation Percentages in relation to (B) through (D) above with the Relevant Rating Agency (to the extent such Rating Agency is providing a rating for the Notes), and upon such agreement (which, for the avoidance of doubt, is subject to the Rating Agency Condition with respect to the Relevant Rating Agency) and with prompt notice to Party B (in each case, as evidenced in writing), such Valuation Percentages shall supersede those set forth in the preceding table.
“Independent Amount” means with respect to Party A: Not Applicable. “Independent Amount” means with respect to Party B: Not Applicable.
“Valuation Agent” means Party A; provided, however, that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing with respect to which Party A is the Defaulting Party, then Party B shall have the right to designate as Valuation Agent a financial institution that would qualify as a Reference Market­maker, reasonably acceptable to Party A, the cost for which shall  be borne by Party A. All calculations by the Valuation Agent must be made in accordance with standard market  practice, including, in the event of a dispute as to the Value of any Eligible Credit Support or Posted Credit Support, by making reference to quotations received by the Valuation Agent from one or more Pricing Sources.
Transfer of Interest Amount. The Transfer of Interest Amount will be made on each Distribution Date; provided, however, that the obligation of Party B to Transfer any Interest Amount to Party A shall be limited to the extent that Party B has earned and received such funds and such funds are available to Party B.
Posted Collateral. The definition of Posted Collateral shall be amended by inserting the words “received by Party B and” after “Interest Amount (or portion thereof)”.
If to Party B’s Custodian, at the address specified for Party B pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement.
In lieu of returning to the Pledgor pursuant to Paragraphs 3(b), 4(d), 5 and 8(d) any Posted Collateral comprising securities the Secured Party may return Equivalent Collateral. “Equivalent Collateral” means, with respect to any security constituting Posted Collateral, a security of the same issuer and, as applicable, representing or having the same class, series, maturity, interest rate, principal amount or liquidation value and such other provisions as are necessary for that security and the security constituting Posted Collateral to be treated as equivalent in the market for such securities.
Collateral Account. In the event that the Threshold applicable to Party A has been reduced to zero, Party B shall open and maintain a segregated account, and hold, record and identify all Posted Collateral in such segregated account.
Agreement as to Single Secured Party and Single Pledgor. Paragraph 1(b) of this Annex is amended by deleting it and restating it in full as follows:
Paragraph 2 of this Annex is amended by deleting the first sentence thereof and restating that sentence in full as follows:
Costs of Transfer. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Paragraph 10, the Pledgor will be responsible for, and will reimburse the Secured Party for, all transfer and other taxes and other costs involved in any Transfer and the maintenance of Eligible Collateral.
Withholding. Paragraph 6(d)(ii) is hereby amended by inserting immediately after “the Interest Amount” in the fourth line thereof the words “less any applicable withholding taxes.”
“Collateral Event” means that neither Party A nor any Eligible Guarantor of Party A under an Eligible Guarantee has credit ratings at least equal to the First Trigger Ratings Threshold with respect to Moody’s and the First Trigger Ratings Threshold with respect to S&P (or, in the case of an entity that is not a Financial Institution, credit ratings from S&P at least equal to the credit ratings set forth in the corresponding Second Ratings Trigger Threshold for S&P).
(B) for any other Valuation Date, zero, over
“Moody’s First Trigger Ratings Event” has the meaning set forth in Part 1(m)(iv) of this Agreement.
“Moody’s First Trigger Value” means, on any date and with respect to any Eligible Collateral, the bid price obtained by the Valuation Agent multiplied by the Moody’s First Trigger Valuation Percentage for such Eligible Collateral set forth in Paragraph  13(b)(ii).
(A) for any Valuation Date on which a Moody’s Second Trigger Ratings Event has occurred and been continuing for at least 30 Local Business Days, an amount equal to the greatest of (a) zero, (b) the aggregate amount of the Next Payments for all Next Payment Dates and (c) the sum of the Secured Party’s Exposure and the aggregate of Moody’s Additional Collateralized Amounts for each Transaction.
(B) for any other Valuation Date, zero, over
“Next Payment Date” means, each date on which the next scheduled payment under any Transaction is due to be paid.
(B) for any other Valuation Date, zero, over
(A) for any Valuation Date on which an S&P Second Trigger Ratings Event has occurred and been continuing for at least 10 Local Business Days, an amount equal to 125% of the Secured Party’s Exposure, or
(B) for any other Valuation Date, zero, over
“Value” shall mean, in respect of any date, the related S&P First Trigger Value, the related S&P Second Trigger Value, the related Moody’s First Trigger Value and the related Moody’s Second Trigger Value, as applicable.
Greater than 8 years but not more than 9 years	1.20%
Greater than 18 years but not more than 19 years	7.20%
Greater than 13 years but not more than 14 years	7.40%
Accepted and agreed: BARCLAYS BANK PLC
By:	/s/ LeeLee Panno	By:	/s/ Louis Bodi
By:	/s/ Eileen M. Hughes Name:   Eileen M. Hughes Title:	Attorney­in­fact Date:	9/26/07
